hey native shrikhand former like a
lizard who we should now just call Jake
yeah sure and where you're here to make
a review on the mill now a lot of these
guys have she's chase or whatever
they're called the thing that goes on on
them told the swords but she she but I
take it off because I just they just
have some good printing that I don't
want to put it for getting cheats on
anyway let's um start off with minifigs
hey well okay first let's start off with
will turn he does come with a sword and
ash chief and yeah here he is a plain
brown pants nice torso ponytail for hair
really nice new hair piece and then he
has a double-sided head and this one
he's kind of this one is kind of
interested in it and then this one he's
kind of angry curious and angry yeah and
then if you flip them in the back here
you got some back printing so yeah
that's well next we got a jack thanks
girl probably the main minifigure in the
whole series cuz he is the main
character um a really nice hairpiece
here I've actually gotten a couple
Jack's ready and yeah it's a really nice
hair can use it for like pirates videos
and stuff really nice and then same old
Jack yep same ol Jack but yeah nice Jack
always has this nice printing leg
printings back pointing outside the
double-sided head one side he's like
smiling other side he's scared so don't
know why yeah Jack doesn't really get
scared
anyway let's check here we got Admiral
Norrington but Jake said it was
Commodore Lego messes up their names so
sometimes yeah he's Commodore but anyway
nice torso printing on him a little back
pointing their otherwise really nice
torso and then he has that prince of
persia hair we haven't seen since the
principal your purchases nice kind of
smug look on his face met with turns
into a smile so yeah that's um and low
Norrington as it says but it's actually
comp Tom with his Commodore Commodore
ass but I'm definitely not least
probably the best yeah this is a big
reason why you should get this set comes
with a garage yeah he has really really
detailed legs he's in has the in the
boat there you can see a really nice
torso back na even has back printing on
the torso and then this piece right here
is a really nice piece brand new it's
just really nice it's because the dross
is like part hermit crab I mean even
though a shell covers up a lot of his
face he has a really nice space they're
really nice and then it had back of the
head printing too so yeah he's probably
the main reason one of the he's the best
minifigure you could possibly get an
assay but the minifigs aren't even the
best part about this okay now let's move
on to the mill itself now first let's
start off with the wheel wheel spins
real
nice put you could put a minifig on the
top here um but if you spin it you'll
like you know it won't go around then
you can also take the wheel off just
stick a minifig right in here where Jack
was and then if you put the wheel back
down spin it I know this Banacek stays
in place for so time he doesn't sorry
about that guys my brother anyway yeah
really nice um it was right easy build
Jake help me build it the wheel is just
awesome it's just a really good part of
this set anyway let's move the wheel out
of here so we can get a better look
interior over here these are this little
latch that used to just park the wheels
yeah I use this to park the wheel from
the thing and you can see there's really
nice detail work there stickers sticker
rooftop plants all over it nice roof if
you um turn it around here a really nice
interior got some rum bottles there um
oh yeah and a ladder that cleanse up and
yes yeah boy it's so that they can get
to the belt i ah anyway yeah it's really
nice that a really easy build so yeah
let's move on to the box shall we ok now
I'm here's the box sorry I didn't show
you the heart over here but I do have
the heart it's in my items but yeah
print it on peace really really nice but
anyway in the box here it shows the
scene from what's going on in the mill
and the boxes seem like they're smaller
is that the little section over here
honey and shows Admiral Norrington and
will fighting on top of the box and if
we flip it over here it shows all the
features how the wheel the patches and
having a fine so yeah I give this set of
seven out of ten it was a really good
set and i highly recommend getting it i
give it an eight out of ten just for the
record you consider eight out of ten I
gave it a nine out of seven out of 10
because it comes with will I would have
liked to see maybe I mean will comes in
another set cannibal xscape which is
fine but I would have liked to see a new
mini fading here maybe like another one
of them Davy Jones's men but other than
that it's a really good set I would
definitely pick it up for you so this is
a terrific and Jake signing out